<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_use_daily_monitoring_report">
    <title><?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,64,0"?>How to use the Daily
        Monitoring Report to find specific information? &lt;Will be
        updated><?oxy_custom_end?></title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <task id="task_ac4_xyg_vgb">
        <title>How many encounters are unassigned? If yes, do any of my CDSs have capacity to pick
            these cases up?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date. The
                            <uicontrol>Unassigned</uicontrol> KPI card displays the total count of
                        unassigned encounters as on today.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To analyze the current workload of the CDSs in your team, review the
                            <uicontrol>Concurrent Encounters by CDS</uicontrol> chart.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>This chart displays count of <i>Untouched</i>, <i>Discharged</i>, <i>In
                                Progress</i>, <i>Review Complete</i>, and <i>Ready to Reconcile
                            </i>encounters for each CDS.</p>
                        <note>Data in this chart is sorted by CDS with highest number of concurrent
                            encounters. You can easily Identify the CDSs that have lower number of
                            concurrent encounters and can pick up unassigned cases.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_jzj_t1h_vgb">
        <title>How many medicare encounters are currently being reviewed by a CDS?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Medicare</uicontrol> from the
                            <uicontrol>Payer</uicontrol> filter.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To analyze the current workload of a CDS in your team, review the
                            <uicontrol>Concurrent Encounters by CDS</uicontrol> chart.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>This chart displays count of <i>Untouched</i>, <i>Discharged</i>, <i>In
                                Progress</i>, <i>Review Complete</i>, and <i>Ready to Reconcile
                            </i>encounters for the selected CDS.</p>
                        <p>Alternatively, Select the name of the CDS from the
                                <uicontrol>CDS</uicontrol> filter. Analyze the <uicontrol>Concurrent
                                Encounters by Payer</uicontrol> chart. This chart now shows count of
                            Medicare encounters that Jane is currently working on</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_yhk_xlh_vgb">
        <title>For unassigned cases, what is the payer breakdown? How many <i>Medicare</i> cases
            left unassigned?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_jy1_fmh_vgb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Unassigned Encounters by Payer</uicontrol>
                        chart.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>The chart shows count of unassigned encounters as on today, for each
                            payer. Analyze the count of unassigned encounters for Medicare
                            payer.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Concurrent Encounters by CDS</uicontrol> chart and
                        identify the CDSs who can pick up the unassigned Medicare cases.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_dmb_bnh_vgb">
        <title>How does the unassigned encounters distribution by <i>Unit</i> look like? </title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_b1y_znh_vgb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Unassigned Encounters by Unit</uicontrol>
                        chart.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The chart shows count of unassigned encounters as on today, for each
                        Unit</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the Concurrent Encounters by CDS chart and identify the CDSs who
                        can pick up the unassigned cases.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To analyze concurrent cases currently being worked on for a unit (E.g.
                        Internal Med), select the unit from the <uicontrol>Unit</uicontrol> filter
                        and analyze the data in the<uicontrol> Concurrent Encounters by
                            CDS</uicontrol> chart.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_chl_t4h_vgb">
        <title>Is my team falling behind with reconciliation? Are there lot of cases with status as
                <i>Ready to Reconcile</i>?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_fm3_w4h_vgb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Ready to Reconcile </uicontrol>KPI chart.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The chart shows count of encounters that are ready for
                        reconciliation</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To identify the CDSs falling behind with reconciliation or the CDS that has
                        the greatest number of ready to reconcile cases, analyze the
                            <uicontrol>Concurrent Encounters by CDS</uicontrol> chart.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Ready to Reconcile</uicontrol> option from
                            the<uicontrol> Encounter Status</uicontrol> filter.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>Analyze and compare the count of ready to reconcile encounters for
                        each CDS.</stepresult>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_ihk_dqh_vgb">
        <title>How many cases were assigned and never reviewed? Which CDS has the greatest number of
            such cases? Are majority of these <i>Medicare</i> cases?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_fqv_hqh_vgb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Assigned and Never Reviewed</uicontrol> KPI
                        card.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The KPI card displays the total count of cases assigned to the CDS
                        but were never reviewed. </stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze data in the <uicontrol>Concurrent Encounters by CDS</uicontrol>
                        chart. This chart now displays data for cases that were assigned to CDS but
                        never reviewed.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze data in the <uicontrol>Concurrent Encounters by Payer</uicontrol>
                        chart. This chart now displays data for cases that have payer assigned but
                        never reviewed by CDS for each payer. Analyze the count of Medicare cases
                        that were assigned and never reviewed.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_h25_jrh_vgb">
        <title>How many clarifications are overdue and require follow-up? Do I need to reach out to
            my physician liaison for assistance?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_pxk_nrh_vgb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Overdue Clarifications</uicontrol> tabular
                        report.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>This tabular report displays details of  overdue clarification for
                        each CDS. Also you can analyze the details such as Clarification Subject,
                        Clarification Type, Assigned Provider. The <uicontrol>Overdue
                            Clarifications</uicontrol> report helps you to identify the CDS or
                        provider that has most numbers of overdue clarifications. </stepresult>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_ss1_lsh_vgb">
        <title>How to add <i>Unit</i> filter in the Daily Monitoring Report?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_asr_vsh_vgb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Daily Monitoring</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data as on today’s date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Slicer</uicontrol> icon from the <i>Visualization</i>
                        section.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To select unit, go to <menucascade>
                            <uicontrol>Field section</uicontrol>
                            <uicontrol>Encounter Details</uicontrol>
                            <uicontrol>Unit</uicontrol>
                        </menucascade>.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The unit values are displayed in the slicer.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on the Down-arrow in the slicer to change the
                            <uicontrol>List</uicontrol> view to the <uicontrol>Drop-down
                        </uicontrol>view.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Drag the drop-down to the location where you would like to keep this
                        filter.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on the <uicontrol>Save As</uicontrol> from the
                            <uicontrol>File</uicontrol> menu.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter the name of the custom report and click
                        <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Navigates back to <uicontrol>Analytics</uicontrol> home screen.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report is available under the <uicontrol>User
                            Defined</uicontrol> reports section.</stepresult>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
