<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_use_the_cds_report_cards">
    <title>How to use the CDS Report Cards to find specific information?</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context/>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="task_utm_j3d_wgb">
        <title>How is the overall performance of the CDS team in terms of Review activity? How is
            the performance of a specific CDS in terms of review activity?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_rvk_n3d_wgb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Staff Management</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>CDS Report Cards</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data for last one calendar month based on the
                        discharge date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the time range from the <uicontrol>Discharge Date</uicontrol>
                        filter.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the facility from the <uicontrol>Facility</uicontrol> filter.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Review Rate</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Encounters
                            Reviewed</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Enc with Clarifications</uicontrol>,
                            <uicontrol>Avg. Initial Review TAT</uicontrol> KPI cards.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>These KPI cards helps you analyze the overall review performance of
                        the CDS team in the selected time period. <note>To analyze the data for a
                            specific CDS, refer the <i>CDS Report Card</i> of that
                        CDS.</note></stepresult>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="task_jgp_pjd_wgb">
        <title>How is the overall performance of the CDS team in terms of Clarification activity?
            How is the performance of a specific CDS in terms of Clarification activity?</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Staff Management</uicontrol> from the <i>Analytics</i>
                        screen.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>CDS Report Cards</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The report displays data for last one calendar month based on the
                        discharge date.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the time range from the <uicontrol>Discharge Date</uicontrol>
                        filter.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Enc with Clarification</uicontrol>,
                            <uicontrol>Clarifications Sent</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Enc Clarification
                            Rate</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Clarification Rate</uicontrol>,
                            <uicontrol>Response Rate</uicontrol>, and<uicontrol> Agreement
                            Rate</uicontrol> KPI cards.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>These KPI cards helps you analyze the overall clarification
                        performance of the CDS team in the selected time period. <note>To analyze
                            the data for a specific CDS, refer the <i>CDS Report Card</i> of that
                            CDS.</note></stepresult>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
        <task id="task_nzg_ckd_wgb">
            <title>Who are my top three CDS performers in terms of Review Rate? Which CDS has the
                highest Enc Clarification Rate?</title>
            <taskbody>
                <steps id="steps_x1x_hld_wgb">
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Staff Management</uicontrol> from the
                                <i>Analytics</i> screen.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>CDS Report Cards</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>The report displays data for last one calendar month based on
                            the discharge date.</stepresult>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select the time range from the <uicontrol>Discharge Date</uicontrol>
                            filter.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Analyze the Report cards of the CDSs to identify the CDS with highest
                            review rate.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Analyze the <uicontrol>Enc Clarification Rate</uicontrol> metric in the
                            report card for each CDS to identify the CDS with highest encounter
                            clarification rate.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>
</task>
